add function to remove a variable from meta data (#1825)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added a function to remove a variable from metat data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a function to remove a variable from FileMetadata object.
```
